# Week 10

It's been pretty hectic this week. I continuted to investigate the causes of data conflicts on Monday, and also got my travel for the Release Group 1 (RG1) deployments booked.
On Tuesday I had my 1-2-1 with my line manager, Helen. That morning I'd been experiencing pretty bad impostor sydrome after the SecureIT manager said something which made me feel like I'm uncommitted. Fortunately the meeting really helped out - she reassured me that getting through tasks slower than my colleagues isn't an issue considering their experience, and that she'd heard good feedback about me from my team.
One topic we discussed was productivity - she mentioned how she has mentored people over-dependant on To-Do lists and churning through as many items as possible. Perhaps ironically this sparked me on to start keeping a To-Do list later in the week; As my responsibilities have grown there are a lot of tasks pending and it was easy for me to forget about them.
On Wednesday I went to the Waterloo General Office for RG1. I helped out a user that had been a bit of a pain-point to my colleagues back in MK - they were unhappy with the assistance the department provided to him with his new device so I put in all my effort I could to get them sorted. I probably gave him more of my time than I should have considering there were other deployments I could have been getting on with, but I wanted to make sure he was perfectly happy and wouldn't trouble my colleagues any longer.
The other work at Waterloo was tracking down the DIAs (Deployment in Absense) from earlier in the week. Everyone in the teams at the deployment sites are non-Network Rail staff so they aren't able to do this work themselves - I think this makes this one of the most work I can do at future deployments. 

# The York Trip

On Thursday I took the train to York. I tried to pack lightly so I didn't bring my work laptop but found myself getting quite a few jobs asked of me. I wasn't able to help them without it, unfortunately. I learned two things from this - pack my laptop next time 🙄, and also that I'm more useful to the team than I felt.
At York I went to the National Records Group with other interns, grads and apprentices. The NRG is a treasure trove of documents - land deeds spanning back to the 16th century, documents signed by Churchill, Ada Lovelace and plans by Robert Stephenson. The operation has a wide scope with a lot of complexity. They are investigating the use of AI and automation tools to help with digitisation and aim to make much of their collection publically accessible on the Network Rail website.
On Friday we had a brief trip to the National Railway Mueseum, otherwise it was just travel.

# Next Steps

Going forward I aim to use my To-Do list to help decide at the start of each day what I can and should achieve that day, and to keep an eye on tasks that are blocked (waiting on coworkers, other tasks and so on) and ones that keep being carried over day-to-day. Next week isn't the best time to implement this as I'm almost entirely out-of-office however.
Speaking of next week - on Monday afternoon I'll be going to a taster day at Bletchley Park. This will involve learning about volunteering there and about the role, as well as an informal interview.
I'll be travelling up to Glasgow for RG1 deployments, then taking the sleeper train overnight to London for Thursday and Friday, which I'm looking forward to.