---
title: ""
output: pdf_document
---

# The First Month

It's took me far longer to get around to writing my first post than I'd have liked. A mixture of poor time management and the lack of any 'To Do' list resulted a a bit of a backlog of non work-related tasks.
My first few weeks at Network Rail have been quite varied. I'll try and break them on a weekly basis.

## Setting the Scene

My first two weeks (commencing on the 16th September) started slower than I would have preferred. There was very little to work on (beside training that I _still_ haven't been able to complete because of technical problems), with the highlights being some informal meetings with colleagues about their role.

### MyIT

I've been placed within MyIT, a department with an aim of transforming the IT within Network Rail (from here on out, NR). Within this there are three streams of work: Office 365, SecureIT and MyDevice which will be explained later.

## Week 3 (w/c 30th September)

In my third week I was out of the office for three days up at NR's office in Manchester (SQ1) where I was helping with the deployment of Windows 10 devices to the IT Support team there. I met some people there who I've since done some more work with and hopefully should provide plenty more work in the future.
As far as I recall this was the week I started working directly with one of the few developers working in house. The main project in this area is a Windows application in C# and using Windows Forms. It's not the sexiest project to work on and the tests are non-existant, though it is suprisingly complex and again, a source of plenty of work.
As far as I can recall this is when I started attending the (mostly) daily Standups for SecureIT.

## Week 4 (w/c 7th October)

In the second week of October I went to to Manchester again to meet up with the solution architect in the SecureIT team. He explained the concepts of digital identites, authentication and authorization and the state of them within NR. Unsuprisingly for a large public sector organisation, it's all a bit of a mess.
My first formally assigned task is within IdAM in the SecureIT stream, which is focused on improving identies and the access afforded to those identities.

## Week 5 (w/c 14th October)

This week was mostly working on developing a web app that would allow NR staff to view the status of their new Windows 10 device. Due to the scale of rolling out nearly 40,000 laptops and desktops to users with a variety of applications that need to be supported, the process is not as simple as mailing out a laptop to them.
To address this shortfall in the customer experience (MyIT likes to think of the users as customers rather than, well, users) I was asked if I would be able to develop a order tracking tool akin to what you'd find on Amazon.
I was really happy to get this work assigned to me - web development is one of the areas I'm most interested in. I was able to get the basic HTML and CSS done pretty quickly - though building out the backend was pretty new to me and took quite a lot of learning.
I also had the chance to go for some drinks after for a leaving-do. Seeing my colleagues in a much more informal light was quite refreshing; the corporate athmosphere otherwise lends itself well to Imposter Syndrome in my experience.

## Week 6 (w/c 21st October)

That brings us up-to this last week. This consisted of planning Sprint 13 of SecureIT on Monday (where I was assigned to my first user story under IdAM) and saw the web app (working name MyDeviceTracker) mature with a meeting with colleagues to nail down the prefered features and the scope of the MVP. We think we can have the app ready for production before November, however I'm concerned about whether it will be deployed by them as that part of outside of my control.
Finally I began work on Data Mapping for IdAM. For now this is a series of sheets in a spreadsheet which aims to identify the number of employees within the larger organisation (P&PS) who don't have a consistent identify between the two biggest sources of 'identity' within NR - the Active Directory tree and an Orcale database in HR. 

# The Road Ahead

I started out this post with a critique of my time managment and organisation skills. I hope I'm making progress in improving these; I finally got round to writing this (in part) because I started a 'To Do' list which I aim to make a habit of adding to, and setting time aside to clear items from it.
There's other Personal Development goals I hope to see worked on in this next week. I'm living right on the doorstep of Bletchley Park and I'd love to volunteer there. There's a weekend assistant role supporting STEM activities which looks to be a fantastic opportunity.
Within work, I'm having a 1-2-1 catchup with my line manager on Tuesday and may be going to the Manchester office on Thursday to meeting the HR team there in relation to the Identity work.