# Week 9

## MyDeviceTracker

On Monday I demonstrated MyDeviceTracker to the Business Change team of MyIT. The feedback was good and if I can secure a meeting to discuss any changes I feel it would improve the website and its usability.
I wrote the first unit tests for the website, including one for a behaviour I haven't implemented yet. I find that when developing with new, unfamiliar technlogies and frameworks it's hard to test and even harder to use TDD, so I'm happy I'm confident enough with ASP.Net Core, Enity Framework Core and C# overall to be tinkering with TDD.
I also migrated the source control from TFVS to Git, which I am far more familar with.

## SecureIT

The sprint retrospective and the planning for Sprint 14 was on Tuesday. I didn't get all the tasks assigned to me last sprint completed. Part of this was because the scope of the tasks were not well understood, but upon reflection I think it's partly because I've been prioritising things I find more enjoyable over the SecureIT work. In future I'll treat SecureIT tasks with high priority - after all, they are the only ones with a defined due date.
Because I didn't get all tasks done last sprint my only tasks this sprint are the two that have been carried over. I think I may have some capacity remaining this sprint but it's hard to say as I will be out of the office for the majority of the remaining work days.

## Next Steps

Next week I have a 1-2-1 with mu line manager Helen, a trip to Waterloo to help with deploying the Windows 10 devices (Release Group 1 starts on the 18th November) and a trip to York with the New Entrants programme. I've also booked an afternoon off on the 25th November for a taster day volunteering at Bletchley Park.