# Week 8

I'm aiming to keep these posts more consise going forward. As such I will (try to) only include things I'm doing to increase my skillset and experience.

## Onboarding

A Subject Matter Expert (SME) joined the SecureIT team this week. I expect I'll be working alongside him extensively on Identity Management, as a follow on to the data mapping exercise.
I offered a meeting with him to explain the work I've been doing and how he sees it as fitting in with what he'll be doing. It was interesting to see how someone more experienced deals with being in a new organisation, as I was of course in that position less than 2 months ago.

## Placement Visit

Lindsay came to visit me on Wednesday. My assignment manager never showed up to the meeting as he was meant to, which was somewhat embarrassing. In hindsight I should have asked Helen (my line manager) to meet him instead as she is very keen on personal development and would have helped to make the meeting more constructive. I did find it useful overall though, as I had questions about Stage 3 module choices and my dissertation.

## MyDeviceTracker

I finally got the web app deployed, ready for demonstrating it on this Monday. I was also able to find a way to get Git to run through the company firewall, which will help with any future software projects I might start.

## What's Coming Up

Release Group 1 of MyDevice is starting on the 18th November and the team would like people to help out in places like Glasgow, Cardiff and London. This will be a great opportunity to see new parts of the organisation - particularly London Waterloo as this is where the executive staff are based, and Glasgow because it is far removed from the Milton Keynes HQ.
I also have a trip to the NRM and National Records Group on the 21st with Helen and the other new entrants.