# Week 7 (28/10/19)

This week has been a mixed bag - some days I've had constant meeting and others I've had to find ways to keep myself busy.
## Monday

Tthe most notable task was extracting data for the data team in MyDevice. While it's pretty simple stuff to use joins in SQL, the ramifications of misunderstanding the relations between a (still somewhat) unfamilar dataset are far more serious in the real world than in coursework. While I took care to check the data I got out was what I'd expect, I am worried that if I mess up this type of work I can waste a lot of my colleagues time.
## Tuesday

This was more eventful, with the first of my monthly 1-2-1 sessions with my line manager. We talked about how I was finding working at Network Rail and about my stengths and weaknesses.
The areas I identifed I want to develop is my understanding of the high-level objectives of
my department, and getting more confident in networking.
So far I plan on addressing these with a talk the head of Route Services IT is doing with new entrants in early January, and also in January my line manager hopes to find some time for me to network with the Digital Railway function of Network Rail.
I also had my line manager read over my application form to Bletchley Park - she thought it sounded good which gave me the confidence to send it off.

## Wednesday

I had another catch up with my colleagues supporting the development of the MyDeviceTracker webapp. Much of this meeting was chatter about small things like the colour of the progress bar and the alignment of an image - while this can be annoying, I feel it's also a sign that we're close to production. 

## Thursday

I took an early train up to Manchester so I could speak to someone involved with HR's Oracle database. While I was able to bring up a few issues (like needing atomic values for managers, i.e. their employee number) it was for the most part a meeting between the two others in attendance.

## Friday

I spent friday refactoring and setting up Development, Staging and Production environments for MyDeviceTracker. When I started coding it was meant to be a small project with the aim of going live very quickly; this meant I was using the live database even during development.
Now that it's planned to be more sophisticated and well used I wanted to put tests in place, however, that's pretty much impossible with a real production database! To solve this my refactors use an InMemory database during testing and the SQL Server database in production. I'd like to get an SQLite version working for a better development and staging experience.

# Next week

I need to obtain an up-to-date copy of the dataset from HR and AD following Thursday's meeting. Once I apply my data analysis to the new data I will be closer to closing my first task.
On Wednesday I'm having a placement visit from the uni. There's a few things I want to bring up; I haven't put learning objectives in place for the Learning Agreement form. I also want to talk about Imposter Syndrome - from speaking to other students on placement, it feels like it is pretty common yet people (myself included) find it hard to open up about it.
Finally, I hope to have MyDeviceTracker deployed next week. I said the same thing last week, though now I feel it *is* achieveable as I have the backing of my colleagues if there is a blocker - after all, these same people want to site live so they can review it before putting out comms about it.
