# Week 11

Monday - A short morning in the office catching up on emails and doing time sensitive tasks. Went to BP at 11 for the taster day, meet the volunteer manager and the line manager for stewards, alongside other potential volunteers. I had a 20 minute informal interview about my experience and what I wanted to get out of the role then I had to get the train to Glasgow.
I heard back later that day that they wanted to offer me the role, which I'm really excited about.
Wanted to do some work while on the train but took ill :(

Tuesday - Quite uneventful. Just using my access to help non-NR deployment staff and lending a hand with issues newly deployed users were having. One guy had an issue with his device that seemed like a software/config issue but the problem seemed to go away when using a different device. I think I'll take the device and try it myself in MK.
NR resources don't seem well used. I think this should go into an RG1 lessons learnt - I'll aim to find out if there's anything planned for a retorspective.

Wednesday - Very quiet. Not having much to do here led me to look into the anticipated number of deployments at sites next week. I was scheduled to be at Paddington for 1.5 days with two others to deploy 68 devices and spend another day and a half at Waterloo and Stratford for 20 devices each with a total of 4 people each. I'm now going to be at Paddington all three days instead, which should be a better use of resoures.

Thursday - my travel plans went out the window last night. I showed up for the train and all of them were cancelled until 0900. There was an option of taking the bus down but as the office was going to be very empty in Waterloo I thought it would be best to spend another night in Glasgow and travel tonight instead.
Fortunatly my manager was understanding - I was worried about spending £58 on a hotel without checking with him but it was way too late.
It's still a useful experience because business travel isn't always smooth sailing when travelling long distances.