---
title: ""
tags: ["COVID19", "Network Rail"]
---

Coronavirus has seen a lot of distruption to the business, as you might expect. On Tuesday 17th March we were encouraged to start working from home on instruction from the CIO. My line manager subsequently encouraged me to travel home to my family ahead of a potential lockdown.
I'm glad I took that advice - I was fearful London would be put on lockdown before I could even pass through to get home.

Working for an 'essential' service during a pandemic is certainly interesting. Passenger services have been frantically reduced and the industry has been reshaped over the weekend - some changes are likely permanent (like the suspension of franchising as it stands). Others, like remote working, need only operate during the crisis - though they highlight how dependent Network Rail are on their IT staff, and I'm happy to see the appreciation of my colleagues work from across the business.

Now what is that work? The VPN was specced for 8,000 concurrent users at most. For an organisation of 40,000, many of whom are not front-line and can work from home, this presented a serious operational challenge.
RSIT has made many changes and improvements in response. Some involve making sites recently accessible only on the intranet accessible without the VPN - in particular email through Outlook Web App.
Changes like OWA are short terms patches - the MyIT programme involves migrating many services to the cloud. We have been using cloud based services like Microsoft Teams and Exchange Online within the programme, and we have accelerated their deployment to the wider organisation signifigantly.

Other changes include the outright postponement of MyDevice deployments - something that deserves a blog post of its own.