---
title: ""
tags: ["Onboarding", "Network Rail"]
date: "2019-09-28"
---

# The First Month

It's took me far longer to get around to writing my first post than I'd have liked. A mixture of poor time management and the lack of any 'To Do' list resulted a a bit of a backlog of non work-related tasks.
My first few weeks at Network Rail have been quite varied. I'll try and write them on a weekly basis.

## Setting the Scene

My first two weeks (commencing on the 16th September) started slower than I would have preferred. There was very little to work on (beside training that I _still_ haven't been able to complete because of technical problems), with the highlights being some informal meetings with colleagues about their role.

### MyIT

I've been placed within MyIT, a department with an aim of transforming the IT within Network Rail (from here on out, NR). Within this there are three streams of work: Office 365, SecureIT and MyDevice which will be explained later.

- I started on the 16th September. First 2 weeks have mostly been talking to the people working within MyIT about the work they do.
- MyDevice has Build, Test, Deploy. Deployment uses a T minus process.
- SecureIT has an Identity and Security subteams.
- The Office 365 team implements the cloud apps as well as the migration to Exchange Online.
- Other than the meetings I've had little to do. I have mandatory training to complete but I can't access it yet, it'd be nice to get it out the way.
- People seem too busy to spare some time to assign me tasks and support me during my onboarding phrase. Frustrating because it would ultimately lighten the workload on them.  